Mention ssh in the readme (#1164)
okteto/okteto: README.md

In addition to that, `okteto up` will:

1. Keep your local code changes synchronized with the development container. 

> 1. Start SSH port forwards/reverse tunnels, so you can access your cluster services via `localhost` or connect a remote debugger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Automatic local and remote SSH port forwarding, so you can access your cluster services via `localhost` or connect a remote debugger.
```
